.TH CLAWSEC 1 "May 2026" "ClawSec 2.5.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
clawsec \- encrypted network tool with AES-256-GCM and Perfect Forward Secrecy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clawsec
.RB [ \-l ]
.RB [ \-K ]
.RB [ \-u ]
.RB [ \-4 | \-6 ]
.RB [ \-p
.IR port ]
.B \-k
.I password
.RB [ \-L
.IR host:port ]
.RB [ \-\-obfs
.IR http | tls ]
.RB [ \-\-fingerprint
.IR chrome | firefox | safari ]
.RB [ \-\-tofu ]
.RB [ \-\-ech ]
.RB [ \-\-mux ]
.RB [ \-\-fallback
.IR host:port ]
.RB [ \-\-pad ]
.RB [ \-\-jitter
.IR ms ]
.RB [ \-z ]
.RB [ \-P ]
.RB [ \-V ]
.RB [ \-c ]
.RB [ \-v ]
.RB [ \-w
.IR secs ]
.RB [ \-e
.IR program ]
.RB [ \-n
.IR name ]
.RI [ hostname ]
.RI [ port ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B clawsec
is a modern encrypted network tool evolved from Cryptcat. It provides
AES-256-GCM authenticated encryption with X25519 ECDHE key exchange for
Perfect Forward Secrecy. It is designed as a drop-in replacement for netcat
with built-in encryption.
.PP
All communication is encrypted using a password-authenticated ephemeral
key exchange. Even if the password is later compromised, previously recorded
sessions cannot be decrypted.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-k " password"
Encryption password (required). Used for mutual authentication during
ECDHE handshake. Minimum 8 characters recommended.
.TP
.B \-l
Listen mode. Wait for inbound connections.
.TP
.BI \-p " port"
Local port number for listen mode.
.TP
.B \-K
Keep-open mode. In listen mode, accept multiple clients by forking
a new process per connection. Each child performs its own ECDHE
handshake. TCP only.
.TP
.BI \-L " host:port"
Port forwarding mode. After establishing the encrypted tunnel,
forward all decrypted traffic to the specified host:port.
Replaces \fBssh \-L\fR without requiring SSH. Supports IPv6
with bracket notation: \fB[::1]:8080\fR.
.TP
.BI \-\-obfs " mode"
Traffic obfuscation. Supported modes:
.RS
.TP
.B http
Wrap encrypted frames in HTTP POST requests with realistic headers
to evade shallow DPI. Traffic pattern may still be detectable by
advanced statistical analysis.
.TP
.B tls
Wrap the entire connection in a real TLS 1.3 session with an
auto-generated EC certificate and randomized CDN-like SNI hostname.
From the outside, traffic is indistinguishable from HTTPS. This is
the recommended mode for maximum stealth.
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-pad
Pad all packets to a uniform 1400 bytes with cryptographically
random padding. Defeats traffic analysis based on packet sizes.
Both sides must use \fB\-\-pad\fR.
.TP
.BI \-\-jitter " ms"
Add a random delay of 0 to \fIms\fR milliseconds between each
packet sent. Defeats timing correlation attacks used by advanced
DPI and traffic analysis systems.
.TP
.B \-\-ech
Encrypted Client Hello. Adds a GREASE ECH extension to the TLS
ClientHello, making the SNI invisible to DPI. Automatically enables
TLS mode (\fB\-\-obfs tls\fR) if not already set. The server does
not need \fB\-\-ech\fR; it accepts the extension transparently.
.TP
.B \-\-mux
Stream multiplexer. Allows multiple logical connections over a
single encrypted tunnel. In server mode, requires \fB\-L host:port\fR
to specify the target. In client mode, requires \fB\-p port\fR to
specify the local listening port. Supports up to 64 concurrent streams.
.TP
.BI \-\-fallback " host:port"
REALITY-like active probing resistance. When a non-ClawSec client
(browser, DPI probe, scanner) connects to the TLS port, the
connection is transparently proxied to a real website running at
\fIhost:port\fR. Only ClawSec clients that send the correct knock
sequence proceed to the encrypted tunnel. Automatically enables
TLS mode. Both client and server must use \fB\-\-fallback\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-tofu
Trust On First Use. The server maintains a persistent Ed25519 identity
keypair in \fB~/.clawsec/identity\fR. During handshake, the server signs
its ephemeral X25519 key. The client verifies the signature and checks
\fB~/.clawsec/known_hosts\fR. If the server identity changes, the
connection is aborted with a warning (like SSH). Both client and server
must use \fB\-\-tofu\fR.
.TP
.BI \-\-fingerprint " profile"
Shape the TLS ClientHello to match a real browser. Supported profiles:
\fBchrome\fR (Chrome 124+), \fBfirefox\fR (Firefox 125+),
\fBsafari\fR (Safari 17+). Sets cipher suites, supported groups,
signature algorithms, ALPN, and browser-specific extensions (ALPS
for Chrome). Automatically enables TLS mode.
.TP
.B \-z
Compress data with zlib (deflate) before encryption. Reduces
bandwidth for text and compressible files. Both sides must use \fB\-z\fR.
.TP
.B \-P
Show a transfer progress bar on stderr with speed and bytes
transferred. Built-in alternative to piping through \fBpv\fR.
.TP
.B \-V
SHA-256 end-to-end file verification. After the sender finishes,
a SHA-256 hash of all transmitted data is sent and verified by
the receiver. Both sides must use \fB\-V\fR.
.TP
.BI \-n " name"
Set custom chat nickname. Displayed to the peer instead of
Server/Client. The nickname is exchanged encrypted after ECDHE
handshake. Used in chat mode (\fB\-c\fR).
.TP
.B \-u
UDP mode. Use datagrams instead of TCP stream. ECDHE handshake
is performed over UDP before encrypted communication begins.
.TP
.B \-4
Force IPv4 only.
.TP
.B \-6
Force IPv6 only.
.TP
.B \-c
Chat mode. Display messages with timestamps and colored roles
(green for local, cyan for remote).
.TP
.B \-v
Verbose output. Use \fB\-vv\fR for extra debug information.
.TP
.BI \-w " secs"
Connection timeout in seconds.
.TP
.BI \-e " program"
Execute program after connection (encrypted reverse shell).
Only available if compiled with GAPING_SECURITY_HOLE.
.TP
.B \-h
Display usage information.
.SH MODES
.SS Chat Mode
Interactive encrypted chat with timestamps:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 8888 \-k "pass" \-c
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" \-c host 8888
.fi
.SS File Transfer
Pipe files through encrypted connection:
.PP
.nf
Receive: clawsec \-v \-l \-p 8888 \-k "pass" > file
Send:    clawsec \-v \-k "pass" host 8888 < file
.fi
.SS Reverse Shell
Encrypted remote command execution:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 8888 \-k "pass" \-e /bin/bash
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" host 8888
.fi
.SS Keep-Open (Multi-Client)
Accept multiple clients on one port:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-K \-p 8888 \-k "pass"
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" host 8888
.fi
.SS Port Forwarding
Encrypted tunnel to internal service (replaces ssh \-L):
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 8888 \-k "pass" \-L 127.0.0.1:3306
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" server 8888
.fi
.SS Traffic Obfuscation
Hide encrypted traffic as HTTP requests:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 443 \-k "pass" \-\-obfs http
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" \-\-obfs http host 443
.fi
.SS Encrypted Client Hello (ECH)
Hide SNI from deep packet inspection:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 443 \-k "pass" \-\-obfs tls
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" \-\-ech host 443
.fi
.SS Multiplexed Tunnel
Multiple connections over one encrypted link:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 4430 \-k "pass" \-L internal:80 \-\-mux
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" \-p 8080 \-\-mux server 4430
.fi
.SS Fallback (REALITY-like)
Proxy DPI probes to a real website:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 443 \-k "pass" \-\-fallback nginx.local:80
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" \-\-fallback nginx.local:80 server 443
.fi
.PP
When curl or a browser connects to port 443, they see the real nginx site.
Only ClawSec clients get the encrypted tunnel.
.SS TLS Fingerprinting
Disguise traffic as a specific browser:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 443 \-k "pass" \-\-fallback nginx:80
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" \-\-fingerprint chrome \-\-fallback nginx:80 server 443
.fi
.PP
DPI sees a Chrome-like TLS ClientHello connecting to a real website.
.SS TOFU (Trust On First Use)
SSH-like server identity verification:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-p 443 \-k "pass" \-\-tofu
Client: clawsec \-k "pass" \-\-tofu server 443
.fi
.PP
First connection saves the server fingerprint. Subsequent connections
verify it. If the server key changes, the connection is aborted.
.SS Compressed Transfer with Verification
Transfer files with zlib compression, progress, and SHA-256 verification:
.PP
.nf
Send:   clawsec \-z \-P \-V \-k "pass" server 9999 < bigfile.tar
Recv:   clawsec \-l \-p 9999 \-z \-P \-V \-k "pass" > bigfile.tar
.fi
.SS UDP Mode
Encrypted UDP datagrams:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-u \-p 9000 \-k "pass"
Client: echo "data" | clawsec \-u \-k "pass" host 9000
.fi
.SS IPv6
Force IPv6 transport:
.PP
.nf
Server: clawsec \-l \-6 \-p 8888 \-k "pass"
Client: clawsec \-6 \-k "pass" ::1 8888
.fi
.SH SECURITY
.SS Cryptography
.IP \(bu 2
AES-256-GCM (AEAD) for authenticated encryption
.IP \(bu 2
X25519 ECDHE for Perfect Forward Secrecy
.IP \(bu 2
PBKDF2-HMAC-SHA256 (100,000 iterations) for password binding
.IP \(bu 2
Per-message random IV (96-bit)
.IP \(bu 2
Monotonic sequence counters (replay protection)
.SS Handshake Protocol
.PP
.nf
1. TCP connection established
2. Server/Client exchange X25519 ephemeral public keys (32 bytes each)
3. Both compute: shared_secret = ECDH(my_priv, peer_pub)
4. Both compute: final_key = SHA256(shared_secret || PBKDF2(password))
5. Encrypted communication begins
.fi
.SS Wire Format
.PP
.nf
[MAGIC:4][VERSION:2][FLAGS:2][SEQ:4][LENGTH:4][IV:12][TAG:16][CIPHERTEXT]
.fi
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success
.TP
.B 1
Error (connection failed, authentication failed, etc.)
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Encrypted chat between two machines:
.PP
.nf
$ clawsec \-l \-p 9999 \-k "MyS3cur3Pass!" \-c
$ clawsec \-k "MyS3cur3Pass!" \-c 192.168.1.10 9999
.fi
.PP
Transfer a directory:
.PP
.nf
$ tar czf \- /data | clawsec \-k "pass" host 9999
$ clawsec \-l \-p 9999 \-k "pass" | tar xzf \-
.fi
.PP
Maximum stealth (looks like Chrome connecting to a real website):
.PP
.nf
Server:  clawsec \-l \-p 443 \-k "pass" \-\-fallback 127.0.0.1:80 \-\-ech \-\-pad
Client:  clawsec \-k "pass" \-\-fingerprint chrome \-\-fallback 127.0.0.1:80 \-\-ech \-\-pad server 443
.fi
.PP
Note: \fB\-\-fingerprint\fR is client-side only (shapes outgoing ClientHello).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nc (1),
.BR ncat (1),
.BR socat (1),
.BR ssh (1)
.SH AUTHORS
ClawSec Project <https://github.com/LF3551/ClawSec>
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/LF3551/ClawSec/issues
